Yuxin
I know you're sad that grandma passed away
But you still have me and the child.
He and I will both love you.
OK
Why is the birthmark missing from your backstreet?
Why are you going to work again?
Naughty as a child
Accidentally injured
I think that birthmark is a bit ugly
So I did it.
What's the matter
You just had a baby
Go back and have a good rest
But do people want to accompany you?
Well, I've got work to do.
You go back first
Mr. Li
If a scholar makes a birthmark from a scholar
There will really be no trace at all.
If the light color recovers well
Maybe not.
Not necessarily if the color is dark.
You are asking me because you doubt Miss Song.
Nothing.
What were you going to say?